broke daddy hot rods again 64 Chevy
about finished with it it's already on
bags been traveling around this is all
the way up far as bag wise me a toolbox
in the back show you the rear in just
finished paint hard bar bags of the
valves running dual tanks I'm gonna put
an engine-driven compressor on say air
gauge or in a 175 pressure switch sorry
the gauge close up
go over here lower it down check it out
shameiess which box see if I can get far
enough away
I'll do the back end first drop the rear
end down drop the front here's the
Front's doing now bring it back up the
compressors just kicked on
have
a lot of different switches on here
I'll get somebody to fill me going down
the road
see if I can get around here to the back
so I get back and slam
Bompard dragon
laying dump
ready to drop the front end down
took this box down get a wide view
as low as I can go in the front
if I wanted to I could see the frame
to a arms
probably bringing down
some more
he's laying
laying down pretty low on the rear end I
mean as far as it'll go down
still work-in-progress 64 Chevy c10
when I get four more
footage I'll probably go ahead and put
that on
we like to subscribe the broke daddy
rat-rod
go ahead and do so I have some more
things up broke any hot rods